So we created our public subnet and a public route table for that subnet specifically.
And also we attached our internet gateway with the public Croot table and also associated our subnet
with the route table.
But there's one thing missing in this picture to be accessed from the Internet or the internet resources
available to simply everyone.
So for our resources like easy to to get them public IP for themselves we have to allow auto assigned
IP.
Once we allow a resource under these subnets.
So in this case for the public subnet So to solve that we're going to have to enable the public auto
assign IP addresses for resources under these subnets.
So under these public Sublette.
So to solve that we're going to have to modify the subnet attributes.
So let's go to our C-Class and let's just provide a method.
And I'm going to say allow auto assign
IP addresses for subnet.
This is a bit long method name but it is quite declarative.
So let's just try and type in so we can see what we're going to have to pro-white self underscore client.
And then we're going to have to modify the subnet attributes.
And let's just say modifies subnet attributes and it is basically expecting the subnet ID and the map
public IP addresses is a lounge.
And as you can see use a dictionary type not a generic object or string type.
And if you're on IP version 6 then you can also use the sign IP version 6 addresses on creation.
But since we're on pillars and for again we're going to have to use the public IP on lounge.
So there are basically two things that we're going to have to provide for the subnet tidy.
I'm going to pass in a subnet tidy and then I'm going to provide my public ID on lounge and that property
is going to be expecting a dictionary.
So let's just pro-white the dictionary like there's
And within that dictionary I'm going to have to pass on a key value pair and for the value I'm going
to provide just true.
Here we go.
So let's just also pass in the subnet ID from the method signature.
And let's just go back to our main implementation from our main implementation.
Let's just comment out allow auto assigned public IP addresses for subnet just like that.
Let's just fix that typo and let's just call the method that we just created.
Allow us to assign IP addresses so I'm going to have to pass in the public subnet ID.
And here we go.
So once you lounge these are public subnet we'll be able to pass in some or assign some public IP addresses
for our resources like easy to when we launch some machines in a double us.